Photography is what emotions look like.
Some days start better than others.
I don’t trust words. I trust pictures.
A picture is a poem without words.
When life gets blurry, adjust your focus.
Allow yourself to be surprised by your mistakes.
When I have a camera in my hand, I know no fear.
Contrast is what makes photography interesting.
A good snapshot keeps a moment from running away.
Photography is a story I fail to put into words.
Photography is about capturing souls, not faces.
A photograph is an opportunity to keep a moment forever.
Every photograph is an open-ended visual statement.
You don’t take a photograph. You ask quietly to borrow it.
All photographs are accurate. None of them is the truth.
The greatest photographs are motivated by human feelings.
When people ask what equipment I use, I say – my eyes.
photography’s beauty is to find beauty even in ugly situations.
Photography is inspired by beauty, captured with passion.
Thanks to photography, some memories overstay their welcome.
The camera sees more than the eye, so why not make use of it?
Once photography enters your bloodstream, it is like a disease.
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
Kodak sells film, but they don’t advertise film; they advertise memories.
A photograph is like a recipe – the memory is the finished dish.
Photography is truth. The cinema is truth twenty-four times per second.
If you see something that moves you, and then snap it, you keep a moment.
There are always two people in every photo: the photographer and the viewer.
A photograph is a secret about a secret. The more it tells you the less you know.
If I could tell the story in words, I wouldn’t need to lug around a camera.
Photographers stop photographing subjects too soon before they have exhausted the possibilities.
To me, photography is the simultaneous recognition, in a fraction of a second, of the significance of an event.
Photography is the truth.
I think of photography like therapy.
Autumn, the year’s last loveliest smile.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
Character, like a photograph, develops in darkness.
Don’t shoot what it looks like. Shoot what it feels like.
Photography is an austere and blazing poetry of the real.
Peace is seeing the sunrise or a sunset and knowing who to thank.
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
It always rains the hardest on people who deserves the sun.
If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden.
I like to photograph anyone before they know what their best angles are.
Great photography is about the depth of feeling, not the depth of field.
In photography, there are no shadows that cannot be illuminated.
A photograph shouldn’t be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
A good snapshot keeps a moment that s gone from running away.
I think dreaming is what leads to good photographs.
Photography, to me, is catching a moment which is passing, and which is true.
The limitations in your photography are in yourself, for what we see is what we are.
When I photograph, what I’m really doing is seeking answers to things.
I’m not interested in shooting new things, I’m interested in shooting something new.
The best thing about a picture is that it never changes, even when the people in it do
If you want to be a better photographer, stand in front of more interesting stuff.
Photography deals exquisitely with appearances, but nothing is what it appears to be.
It is an illusion that photos are made with the camera… they are made with the eye, heart, and head.
The photo that you took with your camera is the imagination you want to create with reality.
In the world of photography, you get to share a captured moment with other people.
If you can’t feel what you’re looking at, then you’re never going to get others to feel anything when they look at your pictures.
If the photographer is interested in the people in front of his lens, and if he is compassionate, it’s already a lot. The instrument is not the camera but the photographer.
Good Photography Captions For Instagram:
The poetry of earth is never dead.
When I photograph I make love.
My camera is my passport.
I promise I’ll never forget to water you…
There’s no such thing as too many plants…
Showering my plant babies with all the love…
My plants are the only positive vibes I need…
Every sunset brings the promise of a new dawn.
One-touch of nature makes the whole world kin.
The mountains are calling and I must go.
You don’t take a photograph, you make it.
Photography is the story I fail to put into words.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
The clearest way into the universe is through a forest wilderness.
Life is like photography. You need the negatives to develop.
In photography, the smallest thing can be a great subject.
There is one thing the photograph must contain, the humanity of the moment.
You don‘t take a photograph. You ask quietly to borrow it.
If you see something that moves you, and then snap it up, you keep a moment.
Taking an image, freezing a moment, reveals how rich reality truly is.
We take photos as a return ticket to the moment otherwise gone.
Let us give nature a chance; She knows her business better than we do.
Which of my photographs is my favorite? The one I’m going to take tomorrow.
One advantage of photography is that it’s visual and can transcend language.
The best thing about a picture is that it never changes, even when the people in it do.
Sometimes, people don’t really say what they’re really thinking. But when you capture the right moment, it says more.
When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.
Photography has been my way of bearing witness to the joy I find in seeing the extraordinary in ordinary.
Nature Photography Captions For Instagram:
I’ve got nature vibes.
Damndelion, I’m looking fine…
I will seed you later!
Lightning is incredible.
Keep close to nature’s heart.
What in carnation is going on here?
Nature is not a place to visit. It is home.
Man’s heart away from nature becomes hard.
Nature is my definition of beautiful.
Go to the place where you feel most alive.
Rain makes everything beautiful.
Happiness is..the smell of earth after rain.
The beauty of the natural world lies in the details.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
No matter how full the river, it still wants to grow.
To walk in nature is to witness a thousand miracles.
Light in nature creates the movement of colors.
Nature is painting for us, day after day, picture of infinite beauty.
In nature, light creates the color. In the picture, color creates the light.
The times I spend in nature are the some of the moments I feel most alive.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Save the trees, Save the earth. We are the guardians of nature’s birth.